All right, let's talk about Sora. Sorry,
I got distracted. You guys know how
we've all been asking for more slop in
our lives. We've been praying for it.
There's one thing we look for in this
world and it's more. We just don't have
enough. We've been scrolling and
scrolling. We hit the bottom and we need
more slop. And it turns out that
humanity is not enough. They can't
create enough slop per capita to satisfy
our insatiable need. So, the market has
stepped in. Our fearless leaders in
Silicon Valley have stepped in. Enter
the age of AI generated infinite slop.
>> They're into the hair pin now. Sil still
ahead on the red chair, but Tran is
tucked right in behind
>> cinema. Not too long, not too short.
Next one. Next one.
>> Look at that gray one. Big pounce. No
completion.
>> Next one.
>> Decides the tournament through the
windmill into the clown. Then the loop
and in.
>> Yes.
>> He cues up an uppercut costing 24
stamina.
>> Stamina bar sitting at six.
>> Yeah.
>> Every frame's a battlefield. Just watch,
watch, watch.
>> If any of these don't make sense or
don't feel like they have a coherent
thought or story, just turn your brain
more off. Just let the eyes glaze over.
Just notice that the lights and colors
are constantly changing. Something new
funny has happened. An animal will show
up and do something weird.
>> And just do this for hours and hours and
hours and hours and hours and hours.
Now, I do want to say the tech, some of
it was visually pretty crazy, but it is
slop. And we are entering the AI slop
wars. As of a few days ago, everyone in
the world, all the big tech companies
have now out of the blue started to bet
on AI Tik Tok. It started with Meta,
Mark Zuckerberg's company that announced
Vibes, a new way to discover and create
AI videos. Midjourney created AI
infinitely scrolling slop. The response
was so negative even from tech bros that
Sam Alman said, "I gotta do this, too."
And two days later, they announced Sora,
okay, including a flood of AI slop. So,
OpenAI and Meta are the first two
competitors in the ring to create an
infinitely scrolling, generating AI slop
video. However, they weren't the last.
Everyone else wants on this game.
YouTube announced that shorts will now
have VO3, their image generation model,
incorporated right into shorts, so you
can have AI slop next to your human slop
right there. It's going to be awesome.
Grock followed suit. Grock imagine lets
you make not safe for work content. Oh,
great. AI slop but now not safe for
work. Perfect. Elon Musk has gone full
Gooner, by the way. He is constantly
posting AI gooner stuff, but that's the
only thing they have to differentiate
themselves cuz they're way behind uh
Sora and OpenAI and and then after that
we have Tik Tok who has created Symphony
Generative AI. So literally every single
human slot platform is now rushing to
make sure there's not even the human
part. Dead Internet theory is actually
going to be real. It's all mixed in. And
I don't want to be a crazy lite here in
that I don't like mogul moves.
Here's the sad truth is that some of
these videos because a human is behind
them putting in a prompt can be funny.
They can be funny. But this is a
significant undermining of what they've
been promising for years now. They have
been promising they are going to change
the world, make all our lives better,
cure cancer, develop AGI, and the need
for work. And instead, what we're
getting in the near term is infinitely
generated slop videos
that drive up everybody's electricity
costs. I mean, it is a true bait and
switch. Now, the most popular videos
thus far coming out of Sora. By the way,
I do want to say there is a clear
leader. If nobody is winning, if all of
us consumers are losing, the person
losing the most right now is Mark
Zuckerberg because Meta's Vibes platform
has been universally [ __ ] on, and they
are losing to Sora.
They spent the most money, hired the
most people, got a 27year-old to run
their whole program. So, he announced
vibes, excited to share it,
and the response even from the tech
bros, give me the slop stream. Techb
bro, the absolute worst use of AI. What
a waste of compute. Techb bro, damn,
dude. This is like zero soul. Tech bro,
even your fellow tech bros are making
fun of you. Lol. Where did it all go
wrong? That [ __ ] drizzle. The same thing
has been happening with Elon Musk, by
the way, when he posts like his AI weird
girl assistant thing every day.
Everyone's like, "Bro, this is weird
vibes. This is not go to Mars." Like,
there's a clear bait and switch on The
Promise. So, that that's the kickoff
with meta. But the real winner so far
has been Sora because Sora, the open AI
version, does look frighteningly
realistic. It does have very weird more
realistic human capabilities. Although
mostly it's been used to create insane
memes of Sam Alman, the CEO of Open AI
like him as Skibbidity toilet.
I'm a CEO in a porcelain spa.
That's me.
>> So that's what you're seeing on Sora.
Okay. And I think because Sam Alman
already looks AI generated in real life,
it's really hard to tell the difference.
Sam Alman, two weeks ago, we need $7
trillion and 10 gigawatts to cure
cancer. Sam Alman, today we are
launching AI slot videos marketed as
personalized ads. So, as we all head
into this future, I wonder if it's a
little bit cooked. Actually, I do have a
I have a counter take that I'm going to
give at the end. Let me let me catch you
up and then I want to give uh I think a
more realistic take on what's going on.
As of today, I checked, Sora is number
two on the App Store charts and it's
still invite only. you need a code to
get in on it. So, it is actually doing
quite well. And I think it comes down to
a core theme of this AI generated slob
content, which is people will mock it
and ignore it and be disdainful of it
until they can put their own face in it
and then everybody wants again to share
a fun meme with their friend. The truth
is that chat GPT had its biggest day
ever when you could turn your face into
Studio Gibli. That was the biggest day
in chat's history. Uh again, people went
from doing their own faces to a lot of
things, including 9/11 and uh JFK. It
wasn't just their face, but once Sora
came out, it requires users at signup to
scan their face and uh give a sample of
their voice so it can put them in the
videos, which, you know, I I'll take Sam
Alman's word. Seems like a bit of a
Trojan horse. I don't even realize
they're handing over their face scans to
us for free.
>> Seems like a bit of a Trojan horse, but
that's just what I saw on Sora.
I'd be a little worried about it. Okay.
Side effect is that it's uncanny
accuracy. I mean, it does look
shockingly real, especially if you do
like from a distance videos, is making
it very easy to create disinformation.
It is worth noting that the most viral
videos on there right now are fake
people robbing stores, including it's
Sam Alman stealing GPUs from Target.
[Laughter]
Okay, it's funny in this case because
Sam Alman is so desperate for GPU power.
But the idea that you can create
realistic facilities of people
committing crimes is probably not good
for society, especially when you'll
notice there's no watermark on this.
People have found out very easy they can
remove the Sora watermark. A big part of
the OpenAI roll out here is they did a
philosophy document where they said,
"Hey, look, I know this looks like an
infinite generated AI slop nightmare,
but in fact, we're create we're
optimizing for creativity. We're going
to have a lot of safety. We're going to
make sure there's like watermarks.
Everyone knows it's not AI." But people
found out how to remove their model mark
instantly. And all this shit's going
viral on other platforms. In fact, there
was one of a cat stealing a fish that
already got like 50 million views on Tik
Tok and Facebook people thought it was
real.
>> Hey,
>> what the cat just took a fish.
>> Get back here.
>> Police move. Move
>> out. Cat heading for the doors. Still
moving south lot.
>> Not real.
Completely fake. But [ __ ] like this is
going everywhere. And so now you can't
even have this contained to just the
human or the non-human platforms. It's
all over. The dead internet theory is
becoming more and more real. This is
fake. This is this is generated with
Sora and the watermark got scrubbed. A
lot of people are going to have the same
take, which is like infinite AI slop
feeds bad. And I agree. That's that's my
main take here. But I want to talk more
about what I'm more interested in, which
is the business side of this, which is
boils down to this question, right? If
you genuinely believed you were 2 to
four years away from AGI, is Sora Slop
really the thing you'd release? And this
is a great question. I think what this
release indicates to me is financial
stress at OpenAI. These companies are
trying to find a way to get a return to
put ads and make money. They need this
to make money. Of course, it's for
press. That's the opposite of what I'm
saying. That's completely wrong. It's
not for press at all. It is for money.
They are trying to find a return.
They're trying to make cash off this.
Remember this this this post right here
that I showed, we need $7 trillion and
now we're launching it. He responded to
this. Sam Alman openly said, "We need
the capital for build AI that can do
science.
We need the capital for build AI.
Hopefully, we can make some money given
all the compute need." They're not
hiding it. The truth is that like they
have an $850 billion planned buildout.
They've promised money to Nvidia. They
promised money to Oracle. They've
promised money to Core Wee. They they
promised money to a lot of companies who
are building out data centers for them.
They need this money and so they're
trying to find a way to monetize the AI
stuff they have now to hopefully build
up and get to the AGI they think in the
future. But in the meantime, this [ __ ]
is driving up electricity prices to the
moon. Everyone is seeing their
electricity bill double. And what we're
getting is, you know, I think fairly
boring. Again, some of them are funny.
I'm not going to pretend they're not
funny. The old woman throwing the stone
in the glass bridge is funny. I will not
lie. I admit it. I'm not a ly. It's
funny. She's a menace. Although, I
really think the funny part is the human
jokes around it. We can show it. You
guys need to see it because it is it is
funny. They've created a whole lore. How
is she not in jail? She's a menace.
Human jokes around it are very funny.
>> Smashed a glass in China. Dozens of
people died in the crash. The video has
been viewed. More than 100.
>> Okay, I don't need the We don't need the
thing. They've been creating mill like a
hundred of these and they've been
creating her whole story of how she's
great. There's funny parts, but is it
worth the cost? I think not. Clearly not
worth the cost. My honest take on this
is maybe Tik Tok and YouTube Shorts can
find ways to monetize this by running
ads on their platforms and putting AI
slop in there. But I have to say, as
successful as Sora has been out of the
gate in getting people to try it, I
don't think they can monetize it. I
think the best stuff on Sora just gets
ripped, watermark off, and goes on a
different platform. I don't think people
are actually going to scroll Sora for
hours and watch their ads. So, I
actually think Sam Alman has just
created an even more expensive hole to
dig out of. He's just running data
centers full blast to create AI slop for
someone else.
I don't think he's found a way to fund
his $850 billion hole that he needs. I
think he's just created a bigger hole.
Like I actually, as I look at this, I
don't see like a really smart, brilliant
plan. I see a desperation. I see a
company trying to find more and more
ways to squeeze dollars out of an
unprofitable service. And so I I guess
I'm less worried about it than you guys
are, but I am worried about just more
and more hard to differentiate slop in
the feeds and internet that we use. I do
think that's a problem. And again, old
people are falling for this [ __ ] at a
horrendous rate. There was a clip that
went viral today. Poke Laws sent a video
of himself getting arrested on Sora to
his dad and his dad, Here's his dad's
reaction.
>> What the [ __ ] He doesn't know how to
drive. He have no license.
He's going to kill him himself. What the
[ __ ] Tell him not to do it again. This
is terrible.
>> So, you know, people aren't going to be
able to keep up, bro. I think it's going
to lead to a lot of uh problems to be
honest, but I don't think it's going to
save OpenAI's budget problem. One more
angle I need to discuss. Obviously, we
can debate up and down, left or right,
whether or not this is uh good for
society. Maybe we all think it's great,
and we could all debate whether or not
this is going to make any money for Open
AI. But I'll tell you one group of
people who are going to be very upset
with it.
Copyright holders. because this has been
the single greatest copyright
infringement program ever created. And
Sam Alman breaking with all copyright
law made the system opt out versus opt
in which means they just said hey if you
don't want us to steal and create your
stuff you have to opt out. That's not
how it works.
So this is I mean they have you know the
the sound openly steals soundtracks that
already exist. The video is openly
trained on footage they don't own. There
will be some sort of lawsuit reckoning.
I'm sure it's brewing. But I want to
just give you an example. One of the
viral things on there right now is
people putting Pikachu in every movie.
And you can get a pretty realistic
Pikachu in Saving Private Ryan.
>> Private Pikachu, stay low.
>> Like Nintendo is blowing a gasket, bro.
Sam Alman's going to get sniped in his
bedroom.
So yeah, again, I mean, there's going to
be some crazy wars brewing. Some of it
is funny. No joke. I won't ever pretend
it's not. I just think this is not what
was promised, and I don't understand how
they monetize it. That's the second
thing. The main things I'm seeing Sora
on are platforms they don't own. Again,
at the end of the day, it is a tool, and
a human with a creative idea can still
make something funny with it, but the
costs are quite high. Now, that being
said, I think we can end on a positive
note. Maybe this is a good thing. In the
wise words of Mr. Peanut butter from
Bojack Horseman. The universe is a
cruel, uncaring void. The key to being
happy is not a search for meaning. It's
to keep yourself busy with unimportant
nonsense, and eventually you'll be dead.
I think we should all just embrace the
slump, sit our asses down, open up
Vibes, Sora, YouTube Shorts, Tik Tok at
the same time, and just scroll away.
Hey, maybe you can put a big a clip in
the corner if you're feeling friendly.
Let me know what you think. Honestly,
let me know what you think in the chat
and then also in the comments below. Are
you going to be addicted to this AI
slop? Are you scrolling forever? Are you
wary? Are you going to use it? Are you
going to scan your face? I want to know.
Thanks for watching.
[Music]
